Home page: User can browse products online.
Authentication: User can sign-up/login/logout
items for sale: User can view lists of items for sale and search by name, filter by price.
Shopping Cart: User can add items to shopping cart and the app remembers it next time you login. User can view all the items in their shopping cart. User can delete items in the shopping cart. Shopping cart uses an integer column to store "state".
Checkout: User can fill in form and submit billing info. After submitting billing info, items in the shopping cart will move to a different "state''

 HOME PAGE:
 
 The user should be able to browse through even if has not signed up/login yet.
 The user must be able to select the province
 Login/Sign up and shopping cart must appear in the home page
 
 Registration:
 
Create a sign up page /sign up
sign up has a form, full name, email,password and confirmation password
"Submit" button posts to register
register creates a new user
The user has to read and accept the conditions before it click the register button

Login:

Create a login page /login
/login shows a form for username and password
"Submit" button posts to login_user
Sign up button in case the user is not registered
Add forget link in-case the user forgets the password.
Authentication:
Create a new page that is only for logged in users. A members only page. Up to you what you want to show!
If the user is logged in, show the page
If not, redirect the user to the login page

Items:
Create a new Item Model with the following fields:
Name, Description, Price
Create several in the admin or shell
Create new routes and templates to show a listing of the items
items ->shows all items
Create new route and template to show just one listing
Create more then 10 items

Search:

Add search box to items listing page, search uses GET and query params to generate new page. The search query uses the name

Filter:

Allows user to filter by price
Allows user to filter by brand
Allows user to filter by discovery vitality
Allows user to filter by unit of measure

Shopping Cart:

Create a new shopping cart
An order belongs to a user, and has multiple items. A user can have many orders. An order has a status column, which is an integer field:
1 In shopping cart
2 Purchased
For any given user, you can only have one order with a status equal to 1.
When a user adds an item to the shopping cart, if there is no order with a status equal to 1, then create a new order for the user.
Create a new route and view for cart
cart shows what items are in that users cart
To show cart, you will need to query for the right order - match the user (request.user) and set a condition where status is equal to one.
Allow user to delete items from the cart
Shows the total price of all items
Allows them to purchase items, purchasing takes the user to payment form
Update the /item/ template to have a "purchase" button - when clicked, the item is added to the order, and the user is redirected to cart

Payment

Create a new route and template for payments
Create a form that allows the user to enter billing info
On submit, the order id status changes to purchased

Delivery

The products have to be delivered to the customer
